# CS-300-List-of-Computer-Science-Courses
What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
  I used the Zybooks resource a lot to understand how a specific algorithm or data structure was supposed to work. Then I made a function and tested it by passing in test cases that would prove that it worked as intended. Then I integrated the specific functions into the main code.
How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.
  I approached the problem by breaking it apart and then working on individual functions. Once the individual functions were written, I worked to integrate them and debug any bugs. Data structures are a big part of the efficiency of the program, so selecting the correct data structure will save time when programming or running the program.
How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
  A roadblock that I encountered was that it was hard for me to hash the coursenumber since there were alphabet characters at the beginning (ex: CSCI300). I had to make a simple conversion in order to get a integer that I could hash for the hashtable. At first I kept getting a out of memory failure due to int not being able to handle such a big number, but I eventually turned it into a long that could be hashed.
How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
  This course has helped me understand data structures and algorithms a lot more. It will be useful in selecting the correct data structure for each use case. I liked learning about the pros and cons of each data structure and how to determine runtimes of each function. It will help in the future when I am planning to program things and want to see the options I have to use for each function.
How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
  I have more tools now that I can use to write programs. I understand data structures a lot better and I know which data structures to use in certain situations. It will make my code more maintainable and prevent times when I choose the wrong data structure or algorithm. Learning how to comment my code better will also make it more readable. It has also improved my adaptability since now I have multiple data structures and algorithms that I can use when planning to program. 
